BUGS:

Tested with ERICSMINIPC \ AvatarPulse database for all of these:

All screens in any program (for the UI skill):
1) Add hot keys on buttons C for Cancel or Copy buttons, O for Ok, and S for Save.
Always verified that there is no hot key conflicts between menus and buttons for
a particular screen that has focus. Always try to bold just the hot key but inside
the caption if Windows does not do it for you. (Hotkeys are usually done with 
leading & character preceeding the hot key letter in the caption).
2) Add so Escape key is the same as clicking Cancel.  Add so enter button is the 
same as clicking Save.  This is system-wide.  
3) Always put cursor focus on what button is the default button. On all single 
button dialogs, always do them with cursor default on the single button.
4) On upper menu in this specific app, always put cursor focus on the first button.
4.1) 4) I like the fly-over hints on the buttons on the menu top. This should be 
general practice.

Self-Contained Deployment of any C# app from me (for the Self-Contained Deployment skill):
5) I want auto-detection of missing folders and if missing then no-notification 
auto creation of required folders (Templates and Output in this app) on startup.
6) I want auto-deployment of any missing templates, but never an overwrite of a
existing template, especially since they could customize.
7) I want any missing configuration files checked for and filled in with the 
default starting point values, but never an overwrite of a existing config file, 
especially since they could customize.
8) I want images embedded as resources inside the EXE.
9) I want all C# programs where they are self-sufficient enough that there are
not a lot of custom programming required on an installer. Where copying the EXE
in a directory is about all that is needed for it to work. 
10) After generating some code, change the Ok to be where you auto-open the file
so they can see the code perhaps calling what ever editor they like.
11) "Manage Templates" title to "Templates" on actual screen.
12) Add Edit of the selected template that auto-opens the file so they can see 
the template perhaps calling what ever editor they like.
13) Maybe we should have a way to know their favorite editor and we look on their
disk the first time they run the application for editors installed on their box.
14) Shade the title to the Template grid a tad darker of the grey.  

Skills:
15) Create UI skill
16) Create Self-Contained Deployment skill
17) Create WinUI3 skill with things learned from this "Code Generator" project.

From Prior Bugs2 list:
2) Connection dialog - fails to populate from prior runs of the entire app. The 
memory seems only for a given run of the app.  STILL UNFIXED.

    