1) Q: "Given the research, do you want to adopt T4 (Mono.TextTemplating, precompiled) 
as the underlying template engine."

A: Yes. I have installed Mono.TextTemplating so "You can invoke the tool using the 
following command: t4".:
https://www.nuget.org/packages/dotnet-t4/

Mono.TextTemplating:
https://github.com/mono/t4

Uses Mono templates and shows how to create TTs, but does not go to a true database
nor has screens. However, I suggest it is worthy of a look.: 
https://github.com/nogic1008/T4Sample

2) A: So the rich text field would now only have the Mono T4 template text in it. 
Might as well use T4's file convention of a .tt extension for templates. 

3) Q: Should V1's "Update SP" and V2's "Fluent API in CS" be hard-coded, built-in 
generators in C#.
  
A: The old idea of hardcoding lines of C# is dead now with us Mono T4. So they 
will be Mono T4 compliant templates. So I am thinking now: 
   1) the Menu Option name equals Template File Name so that the file name is 
TemplateFileName.tt . 
   2) That the TT files hold the templates.
   3) that we have a template directory where we dynamically create the menu 
options from the filenames found in the directory. See registry question 12.
   4) then based on picked menu option, we get the corresponding file name and
use its template.    

4) Q: For settings (last output directory, last connection fields) and templates  
A: plain JSON/local files.

5) Q: Encryption A: Not sure. I want this more portable so I could copy and take 
to work computer. Probably just a config file entry that is encrypted.

6) A: Single last-used one but needs to fill in the potential multiple fields.

7) A: Treat the rest of that document purely as a future-roadmap reference, with 
only those three wired into V1/V2 logic now.

8) A: I like the idea of text based configuration file for this. Maybe each line in
the config file holds a row of pipe-delimited options?

9) Q1: Table_no_pk.png / table_no_unique.png suggest distinct icons for tables missing 
a PK or unique index. A1: Tables just show a different icon (informational).
Yes.

Q2: disabled/unselectable in the tree since Update SP generation needs a PK?
A2: No. Reason - we will have "Insert SP" or "Select SP" that does not need a PK.

10) Q: Reserved-word red-highlighting — A: Great question. SQL Server reserved 
words and C# reserved keywords. 

11) Q: Should V1 also handle composite keys or GUID PKs, or explicitly skip/error 
on those until later? A: Yes. Handle all types of keys including GUID PKS. So
no single PK variable, but rather a list and you need to hold data type as a 
PK entity property.

12) Q: Should right-click menu generators be built as a plugin-style registry. 
A: Yes. I love plugin-style flexibility because there will be multiple templates
eventually. See registry question 3.

13) Q: Scaffold shared base classes?  A: Yes, scaffold. I want to change my
spec about the Template Screen.  Step 5 is revised to be "Have a Shared Base code
grid that is small. The developer can pick (multiple times) using a file dialog 
an existing Shared Base code file. The grid fills up with rows of Shared code
required. These rows are optional and usually will be empty.". The old Step 5
will become Step 6.

14) Q: Omit views?  A: Yes, omit views until V2.

15) Q: Split code base?  A: I guess the codegen engine is now Mono.TextTemplating . 
Correct? But yes, try to split things so the DB Connection screen is as modular 
as possible. As for specifically class library, I am fine with a separate DB 
Connection class library project within the overall solution OR any other way to 
make things adjustable when we eventually start handling other DBs.

16) Q: Pin to certain Dot.Net version? A: Great question. I guess .NET 10 LTS .    
Testing will prove if Windows App SDK 2.4.0 works with it.  If not, then we will
have to downgrade since we need Windows App SDK 2.4.0 to work.

17) Q: Git init?  A: Hold off until we're past planning. I want to keep local
since I am only one developer, until we have something that is definately working. 
But you are correct that I have not Git Init the folder. 

